Use enum symbols (#1674)
cap-js/docs: cds/cql.md

:::

## Use enums

In queries, you can use enum symbols instead of the respective literals in places
where the corresponding type can be deduced:

```cds
type Status : String enum {open; closed;}

> entity Order as projection on Order {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
entity Order as projection on db.Order {
```

>   case status when #open    then 0
>               when #closed  then 1 end
>     as status_int : Integer,
>   (status = #closed ? 'is closed' : 'is open')
>     as status_txt : String,  
>   #open as state : Status
> } where status = #open;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  case status when #open    then 0
              when #closed  then 1 end
    as status_int : Integer,

  (status = #closed ? 'is closed' : 'is open')
    as status_txt : String,  

  #open as state : Status
} where status = #open;
```

:::

## Use enums

In queries, you can use enum symbols instead of the respective literals in places
where the corresponding type can be deduced:

```cds

> type Status : String enum {open; closed;}
> 
> entity Order as projection on db.Order {
>   case status when #open    then 0
>               when #closed  then 1 end
>     as status_int : Integer,
> 
>   (status = #closed ? 'is closed' : 'is open')
>     as status_txt : String,  
> 
>   #open as state : Status
> } where status = #open;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type Status : String enum { open; closed; in_progress; };

entity OpenOrder as projection on db.Order {
  
  case status when #open        then 0
              when #in_progress then 1 end
    as status_int : Integer,

  (status = #in_progress ? 'is in progress' : 'is open')
    as status_txt : String,  
    
} where status = #open or status = #in_progress;
```

The example didn't make much sense. You're selecting only open orders, but still check if the status is open or closed. Also selecting just `#open` in this example doesn't make much sense either.

Could you make it a more real-life example? I've added a suggestion. :)
